# Round Robin

Round Robin is a planning algorithm commonly used in operating systems which is oftenly described as *the equitative* algorithm sicne it
would let different processes execute during the same amount of time at once. Round Robin utilizes a meassurement called *quantum* which
determines the amount of time processes will be executed, once a quantum is completed the next process on the queue will execute and the 
current process will be sent to the end of the queue.

If the process is completed before its quantum ends or an interruption occurs, the quantum will be restarted for the next process in the
queue to execute, giving the same priority to all processes. 

## Program Functionality
For this simulation, memory may contain up to 5 processes, including the process in execution. If there are more than 5 non-resolved processes
in the system, the queue will continue to pass them to the memory whenever a process is completed.

Processes will be executed sequentially as Round Robin indicates (the user will determine the lenght of the quantum), Interruptions and 
Errors can happen whenever the user presses I or E respectively. If a process is interrupted it will be sent to a blocked status list and 
will stay there for 7 seconds before being sent again to the ready queue; on the other hand if a process suffers an error it will be 
inmediately terminated and will mark an "Error" result.

Each process will have valuable control information, which will be randomly generated by the simulation, such as:
1. Process ID
2. Operation (basic arithmetic)
3. Result
4. Status
5. Expected execution time
6. Elapsed execution time
7. Remaining execution time
8. Blocked remaining time

The program includes the functionality of consulting the PCB (Process Control Block) by clicking B-key while in execution, this will pause 
the program; the PCB will also be shown after the execution is completed.

The program will display some other valuable information such as the remaining tasks and a global timer which will end simultaneously to 
the end of the simulation.
